Yifan, you are already the youngest actor
How can you still go to shoot such a dangerous fight scene?
Hurt yourself
Because my sister likes watching martial arts movies since she was a child
So the best actor is definitely not the end of my interpretation
I want to be on a bigger screen
I got lost and my sister recognized me
Family reunion
Return home immediately
What did the little sister find?
Stop the ticket and depart immediately
Professor Lu
You're a world-renowned professor of oceanography.
Just got back from an Antarctic expedition last week
Why are you still in a daze at a group of jellyfish?
Because when I was a child
My sister often clamors for me to show her ink painting
Stay all day
Sister Professor Lu
It's your brother Lu Yi
Who said this at the press conference?
Journalists return home
Little sister found it